Hi, welcome to the mvp race: MLB player statistics in the 2022 season.
The very first thing you can see is the introduction and background information of our website.
You can scroll down to enter the visualization part.
Which is consisting with four sub-parts, on the top left, we have player profile.
on the top right, we have the diamond progress bar.
In the middle, we have a dugout for selected attribute.
At the bottom, we have bar graph that compare player to MLB average.
To show the visualization, we start with the two dropdown which is above the player profile.
You are able to select a player name and a statistical category.
Let’s say we select CJ Abrams.
You are now able to see his headshot and statistics in his profile.
Also, you can see the bar graph also shows up.
You can hover the bar to see the value.
Don’t forget to select a attribute in the statistical category dropdown to activate the diamond and dugout.
Let’s say we choose triples.
You can now see the diamond progress bar change.
The value inside the circle indicates how close his triple compares to all time highest triple in MLB.
In the dugout you can also see the five highest triple in MLB.
It is okay to change the player or attribute.
Enjoy !